README.md, before:

# TenXWeb - 10x Growth In Web Development 🚀

**TenXWeb** is my personal collection of **10 different Web development projects**, designed to develop with fundamental concepts of **vanilla JavaScript** to intermediate & advanced **ReactJS** and **Backend** applications with **NodeJS**.

## ✦ MUSIC PLAYER

foo

- Live: https://merteldem1r.github.io/musicPlayer.js/
- Topics: JavaScript, OOP, HTML, CSS,

### Project Preview

<img width="400" alt="SCR-20250304-blaw" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b571416-958d-4d5f-90c1-84dc845dfe50" /> <img width="400" alt="SCR-20250304-bktt" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a02fb50-dc86-4b74-af06-aff1eaaab55e" />

## ✦ MEME GENERATOR

This ReactJS application as the name says it is a small meme generating project based on randomly fetched meme picture and adding words on top of that.

Here have implemented basic but must-have topics of each dynamic web application. Creating ReactJS concepts such as components and combine them together.

Making **API calls** to get random images for meme generation. Using standard **ReactJS hooks** such as ```useState``` and ```useEffect```.

- Live: https://mertleldem1r-meme-generator.netlify.app/

- Topics: **ReactJS**, **API**, **Components**

### Project Preview

<img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9621cdae-fe3c-4c24-b115-0247988cb09f"> <img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1d7c04a-206c-4712-820a-47342b66e6a8">

## ✦ QUIZZICAL GAME

ReactJS Game; set your game settings, answer the questions and see your results. Questions taken from the free Trivia database.

**Implementing some intermediate concepts** while creating this web-game project like: 

**Reusable components** such as ```Loader```, 
```Modal```, ```Theme Button``` etc.

Creating seperate **util functions** to make line counts of components shorter and make code more **maintainable** & **reusable**. Implementing ```timer```, ```shuffle algorithm``` and ```options``` utility functions.

Implementing **custom hooks** ```useFetching``` and ```useLocalStorage``` from scratch for our usage purposes.

- Live: https://merteldem1r-quizzical.netlify.app/

- Topics: **ReactJS**, **Algorithms**, **Web Game**, **Custom Hooks**, **API**, **Local Storage**, **Components**, **Dark Theme**, **Clone Project**

### Project Preview

<img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804144-403f549b-ddc3-4f6a-8712-ee916c874407.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804153-e173bac8-d6ed-41ce-801e-fd53e2fa12d1.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804163-d099be68-c3c2-41de-9a19-ed6bb467d63f.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804177-2c122a87-57e5-4e16-a676-85ed29690675.png">

## ✦ YOUTUBE CLONE

React Youtube Clone project made with Material UI.
Idea taken from Javascript Mastery.

Responsive dynamic web application created with ReactJS, developing **YouTube video platform clone project**. Using **Material UI** which is open-source React component library.

**Reusable UI components**; ```Card```, ```SearchFeed```, ```Videos``` etc.

**YouTube v3 API** from **Rapid API** platform, to make requests, getting and searching videos that published on YouTube.

- Live: https://merteldem1r-youtube-clone.netlify.app/

- Topics: **ReactJS**, **React Router**, **Material UI**, **API**, **Reusable Components**

### Project Preview

<img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723461-a9396656-0bc8-4086-bca5-5fdfbf524cee.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723442-0287b85a-6d3a-4e28-994c-87bdf8d4f619.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723502-b03924ca-dbfc-44ed-9714-d03ad0f84249.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723532-ff0f967b-6266-4491-84e3-b34706bbcc4a.png">

# For React Projects

There is some applications using React that built with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) and [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/).

## Getting Started

Follow the steps below to run the project locally.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## Running the Project

### Vite

If you are using Vite, run the following commands:

```sh
# Install dependencies
npm install  # or yarn install

# Start development server
npm run dev  # or yarn dev
```

### Create React App (CRA)

If you are using Create React App, run the following commands:

```sh
# Install dependencies
npm install  # or yarn install

# Start development server
npm start  # or yarn start
```

## Building the Project

### Vite

To build the Vite project for production:

```sh
npm run build  # or yarn build
```

### Create React App (CRA)

To build the Create React App project for production:

```sh
npm run build  # or yarn build
```

## Deployment

After building, you can deploy the `dist/` (for Vite) or `build/` (for CRA) folder to any static hosting service such as:
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)

## License

TenXWeb is licensed project under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

music player readme file update

README.md, after:

# TenXWeb - 10x Growth In Web Development 🚀

**TenXWeb** is my personal collection of **10 different Web development projects**, designed to develop with fundamental concepts of **vanilla JavaScript** to intermediate & advanced **ReactJS** and **Backend** applications with **NodeJS**.

## ✦ MUSIC PLAYER

Music Player application that allows you to **read mp3 files** and **play** them on the **web** application. Created using **vanilla JavaScript**, **HTML** and **CSS**.

Implementing player control functions with **JavaScript** and **Object Oriented Programming (OOP)**. Creating ```Music``` and ```MusicPlayer``` Classes with **control methods**. 

- Live: https://merteldem1r.github.io/musicPlayer.js/
- Topics: **JavaScript**, **Object Oriented Programming**, **DOM**, **HTML**, **CSS**,

### Project Preview

<img width="400" alt="SCR-20250304-blaw" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b571416-958d-4d5f-90c1-84dc845dfe50" /> <img width="400" alt="SCR-20250304-bktt" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a02fb50-dc86-4b74-af06-aff1eaaab55e" />

## ✦ MEME GENERATOR

This ReactJS application as the name says it is a small meme generating project based on randomly fetched meme picture and adding words on top of that.

Here have implemented basic but must-have topics of each dynamic web application. Creating ReactJS concepts such as components and combine them together.

Making **API calls** to get random images for meme generation. Using standard **ReactJS hooks** such as ```useState``` and ```useEffect```.

- Live: https://mertleldem1r-meme-generator.netlify.app/

- Topics: **ReactJS**, **API**, **Components**

### Project Preview

<img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9621cdae-fe3c-4c24-b115-0247988cb09f"> <img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1d7c04a-206c-4712-820a-47342b66e6a8">

## ✦ QUIZZICAL GAME

ReactJS Game; set your game settings, answer the questions and see your results. Questions taken from the free Trivia database.

**Implementing some intermediate concepts** while creating this web-game project like: 

**Reusable components** such as ```Loader```, 
```Modal```, ```Theme Button``` etc.

Creating seperate **util functions** to make line counts of components shorter and make code more **maintainable** & **reusable**. Implementing ```timer```, ```shuffle algorithm``` and ```options``` utility functions.

Implementing **custom hooks** ```useFetching``` and ```useLocalStorage``` from scratch for our usage purposes.

- Live: https://merteldem1r-quizzical.netlify.app/

- Topics: **ReactJS**, **Algorithms**, **Web Game**, **Custom Hooks**, **API**, **Local Storage**, **Components**, **Dark Theme**, **Clone Project**

### Project Preview

<img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804144-403f549b-ddc3-4f6a-8712-ee916c874407.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804153-e173bac8-d6ed-41ce-801e-fd53e2fa12d1.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804163-d099be68-c3c2-41de-9a19-ed6bb467d63f.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/227804177-2c122a87-57e5-4e16-a676-85ed29690675.png">

## ✦ YOUTUBE CLONE

React Youtube Clone project made with Material UI.
Idea taken from Javascript Mastery.

Responsive dynamic web application created with ReactJS, developing **YouTube video platform clone project**. Using **Material UI** which is open-source React component library.

**Reusable UI components**; ```Card```, ```SearchFeed```, ```Videos``` etc.

**YouTube v3 API** from **Rapid API** platform, to make requests, getting and searching videos that published on YouTube.

- Live: https://merteldem1r-youtube-clone.netlify.app/

- Topics: **ReactJS**, **React Router**, **Material UI**, **API**, **Reusable Components**

### Project Preview

<img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723461-a9396656-0bc8-4086-bca5-5fdfbf524cee.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723442-0287b85a-6d3a-4e28-994c-87bdf8d4f619.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723502-b03924ca-dbfc-44ed-9714-d03ad0f84249.png"> <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113149328/230723532-ff0f967b-6266-4491-84e3-b34706bbcc4a.png">

# For React Projects

There is some applications using React that built with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) and [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/).

## Getting Started

Follow the steps below to run the project locally.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## Running the Project

### Vite

If you are using Vite, run the following commands:

```sh
# Install dependencies
npm install  # or yarn install

# Start development server
npm run dev  # or yarn dev
```

### Create React App (CRA)

If you are using Create React App, run the following commands:

```sh
# Install dependencies
npm install  # or yarn install

# Start development server
npm start  # or yarn start
```

## Building the Project

### Vite

To build the Vite project for production:

```sh
npm run build  # or yarn build
```

### Create React App (CRA)

To build the Create React App project for production:

```sh
npm run build  # or yarn build
```

## Deployment

After building, you can deploy the `dist/` (for Vite) or `build/` (for CRA) folder to any static hosting service such as:
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)

## License

TenXWeb is licensed project under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
